changed double quotes to single quotes (#12)
codedex-io/projects: projects/visualize-youtube-data-with-plotly/visualize-youtube-data-with-plotly.mdx

We are going to do the same thing we did before, but this time we will create a pie chart. For this pie chart, we are going to analyze the different video categories and the top channel they belong to. 

All we need to do is replace `px.histogram(df, x='subscribers')` with `px.pie(df, values='subscribers' names='category', title='YouTube Categories')`:

```py
import plotly.express as px

fig = px.pie(df, values='subscribers', names='category', title='YouTube Categories')
fig.show()
```

However, this time we need to pass the following arguments to our method call: 

- `values` from our data that will represent a portion of the pie chart.
- `names` that will represent the names for those regions of the pie chart. For this part, you would need to use a column with numeric values for the `values` argument and a column with string values for the `names` variable.

> - `title` to name the graph. You can choose whatever name you want here, but for the sake of this example, we will call our graph 'YouTube Categories'. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `title` to name the graph. You can choose whatever name you want here, but for the sake of this example, we will call our graph "YouTube Categories". 
```

```py
import plotly.express as px

fig = px.box(df, y='started', title='Years Started')
fig.show()
```

The `px.box()` method follows the convention we have been using in this tutorial:

- First, we passed in our DataFrame, `df`. 
- Then, we passed in our `y` variable, `started`. 

> - Finishing things off, we named our graph 'Years Started'. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Finishing things off, we named our graph "Years Started". 
```
